um so yeah I'm gonna make coffee and
then talk about bit swap at same time
ish I'm going to be doing this coffee I
got in Spokane last weekend for last
week it's Mexican and Mexican and Kenyan
blend I need to be in the camera and
it's pretty good but grind it up here
with my grinder and then I'm going to
make it in the coffee side then I need
to go grab some water so one second
alright so there went my chair it's swap
for those who don't know is the part of
my bffs that manages like sending data
between peers so when I want something I
tell bit swap hey I want this thing and
then bits talk goes and manages asking
everybody in the network for that thing
um it's similar to how bittorrent does
it in that it will you know broadcast
the things wants and ask of a Pierce
floor and hope it gets them but it's
different because in bittorrent the
people you're talking to our only people
who are also interested in the same file
Oh an IPF esas case you're talking to a
lot of people who may or may not have
little pieces of the file or may not
even care at all so you have to adapt
the outer just a little on that regard
to get things to work right um so on the
coffee front this is a copy siphon for
anybody who hasn't ever seen one before
it's pretty cool you put water in here
and then I'll put this with a filter in
it in the top and then I'll heat up
water in the bottom it boils and yeah
you'll see that a second but to boil the
water use a little butane burner be dead
and
go for butane in it that's really good
and I makes about two cups of coffee
which isn't really enough especially
since I normally do this for both me and
my roommate but since he's not here
right now this will be plenty and still
have 600 milliliters or so and don't
know if you can see the cool part down
here but a fire and then I just put this
guy in here and whip that the boil so
while we were at the boil let's talk
about where this swap is today so today
bit swap has an extremely naive
algorithm it basically says every time
you want something tell everybody you
know that you want it and then on the
other end if you have a block and
somebody asks for it just go ahead and
give it to them um the advantage of this
is makes it easier to develop it's
really easy for us to just sit around
and say okay um we can test things
without having to worry about incentives
and making sure that all of the you know
I've given you enough you've given me
enough we have you know could balance we
like to they don't worry about any of
that because that really gets in the way
of working on all the other parts of the
system which you know it's good for us
right now the other thing is that it's
very very fast for the simple case of
one person having a file and another
person wanting it um cuz you know you
don't worry about waiting or doing the
blocks or like choking peers and doing
all the BitTorrent logic behind that um
so it works right now works pretty you
know surprisingly well honestly for how
simple of an approach it is but we need
to change that we're starting to notice
that there are lots of people get blocks
being sent if there are three people in
there who have something and I asked for
it they're probably all three going to
send it to me
even though my best effort is to as soon
as I get one block tell the others I
don't want it they've probably already
started sending it to me at that point
which wastes a lot of bandwidth and you
know it's bad for the network so we need
to figure out well either how do we
decide which blocks to send or how do we
decide which blocks to ask or on a fleet
bowl um so deciding who dis who to ask
for what is a hard problem um it's you
know been solved ish in bittorrent but
as i mentioned earlier our use case is
little different from bittorrent in that
not everybody we are talking to is
interested in the same stuff we are so
we use the DHT to find out who actually
has the things first and then from there
we can stay okay this is a set of peers
who have the thing and then we want
these blocks so we can do a couple
different things we can you know maybe
you just ask each peer like maybe ask
one peer per block and that could
probably work for now as long as the
strategy of always send doesn't change
and so if we you know for now decide
okay if we find a provider for a buck
ask just one that would probably save us
a lot of bandwidth in the short term
until the opposite side changes of okay
well now so they asked me for a block
but i really want to set it to them and
once that changes the whole game gets
fun because well now i have to figure
out okay how many people do I have to
ask to guarantee that at least one of
them is going to send me a block in a
certain amount of time and I'm not going
to get too much duplicate data and
that's that's something that we want to
have you know maybe an agent set up for
maybe a smart agent that can tweak these
values and adjust you know for you
probably at first it'll be manual you
know okay here's all your input values
here's ABCDE you can tweak them until
you find a good value but you know more
advanced more advanced code is going to
just do that for you and that's good
because as the network grows and
files become more or less popular and
you know different aspects of
geolocation versus you know network
churn and where you are and your
bandwidth versus their bandwidth those
factors are gonna change like really
rapidly and changing the manually is
isn't going to be super feasible so like
the number of people you're requesting
to talk from versus you know how many
you sent to gonna change also I don't
know if you can see this but the water's
starting to come up here it's kind of
like really cold in my apartment so this
is taking longer to boil than it
probably should I also pulled it
directly out of the fridge instead of
heating the water out of the zone that
happens so back to big slob um that's
what we have now and kind of where we
want to start going um the actual
mechanisms are it's not an actual like
request I don't send you request and
wait for it you send me things back kind
of like a traditional RPC it's more of a
it's like a market exactly how one puts
in the paper is it's you know I
basically make it known that I want
these things yeah I'm standing here with
a sign saying hey so what I want and
people can walk by and if they have the
blocks they can say oh here's this book
and it's completely you know choice
based as opposed to you know me directly
targeting you and waiting for you to
return that which i think is actually
pretty cool as far as um protocols go
because that's that whole you know
register your interest is more like a
pub sub almost um now if it's all kind
of like a pub sub I don't I don't see
one disagreeing song and I'm gonna go
with that uh so yeah it's kind of cool
David do you have any specific questions
you want to ask me here uh so so just to
see I'm Brandon Iraq example we have any
specific strategies when we are
searching for a while looking for a walk
but all of our beers
and that we contacted don't let it fall
and actually the bucket we are looking
is a folder and is a UNIX FS folder so
it has like a bunch of wings and I
already know which blocks like oh I know
it's not what I will want to veg from
them will I try to do HD queries for
each of those blocks that are listed on
this little egg note for this folder or
will I go at this moment so good
question um we have an optimization
right now where when i try to read like
a folder or a file that has sub locks um
I we do a bit swap request for multiple
blocks at the same time and then we
initially just look for the person who
has the root of whatever a request is
and then so we just find we do one
search for that and then after that
search is done um we send that person
all of our want list and that works out
pretty well in most cases because say
we're requesting a file um yeah say
we're requesting a file generally if
somebody has the you know top metadata
block of a file they're also going to
have the rest of the file which saves us
a lot of time and then bits wobble also
if it doesn't you know it doesn't get
what it needs within a certain time out
it will stop and it will go actually
request each individual one again so it
has a fallback but it tries the
optimized path first um so now as you
can see the waters in top chamber
there's not much in the bottom it turned
the heat down low pretty though and now
the fun part put mmm smell good uh
cocking a top here and mix it just a
little bit
on you don't want to like you know stir
vigorously at first because you want it
to what's known as a bloom where the
coffee beans get heated up and they
release all the carbon dioxide in there
and the carbon dioxide's like a lot of a
kind of bitter your type flavors so you
want that to sit on top and just leave
to stir it that's going to get inside
the coffee and it's going to add a
little extra bitter flavor um so I stir
this now wait for about a minute and 10
seconds give or take a few seconds and
so while this is going the water's still
boiling in the bottom and every once and
while I get a little air bubble that
gets pushed up through here but the most
part water stays up here Eyre stays in
the bottom kind of weird but yeah that's
physics um so yeah you know wait to talk
about it's a lot more until I get this
done because I'm watching a timer and
probably can't see this but is like
bubbling a little bit on top here and
all the beans are just kind of sitting
there getting good and soaked and all
right cool we're at time so i will in
pretty quickly i'm going to cut the heat
and then i'm going to stir it here
pretty good now staring and put this
down its gonna start sucking you
back down and
like my favorite part because it's the
only reason the coffee is coming back
down is because the air in here is
cooling and pulling the coffee through
the really tight filter in here and I'd
actually so the part that confuses me is
this phone the phones because they're
somehow air in the tube in the middle
but I don't know how there's air in the
tube in the middle because there's just
water above it and that that doesn't
make too much sense to me but you know
whatever and then so this pulls down and
you'll know it's done when it starts
like bubbling good probably about five
is here I don't know how good my camera
is or not oh there we go there's the
bubbles so it's done and so now I can do
sky off and for myself cup of coffee so
this is like what I'm doing when I'm
talking on IRC but not actually like
conscious yet this is generally where
I'm at but yeah so that's coffee and bit
swap any questions wise Oh is the coffee
good i'm so pretty hot it smells good
that's good i have another question
about this work though you know that's
pretty good hmm get going specifically
if I looked at the API specifically a
bit swap stat and there is most of them
make sense after listening to your
explanations there is only the first one
which said provides buffer at the moment
says 0 out of 256 okay exactly is that
the provides buffer is so it swap has
kind of two operations right you have
you can ask for blocks and a new sending
blocks
um so we've kind of the provides buffer
is an interesting thing because it
doesn't quite belong there it's when we
add a new block we add it through bit
swap um so we tell bit swap to add the
block and what it does is it will grab
the key of that block and then it will
write the block to disk you know through
your data store and then with the key
it's going to do a DHT provides the
network and that buffer is when we're
adding tons of blocks we can add a block
much faster than we can actually provide
it to the network so that buffer is us
just buffering up blocks to be provided
and it's kind of um misleading right now
because what we do is for every block we
spawn off a worker thread to consume
that and provide it so if you ever see
that actually like filling up
something's really going slow or
something because it shouldn't it like
almost should never buffer there that's
gonna be work reworked pretty soon
because I've actually surprisingly
buffering up a whole bunch of stuff
takes up Ram you go um and gotta take a
look at that because that's partially
responsible you know that that area of
code is responsible for some of the
memory issues David seeing um but yeah
so that's what that does is that's
basically us adding blocks and it's
buffering uh provides a reason for that
um us adding blocks through bit swap is
so that we can make kind of like a
single interface or block so you can say
get a block and put a block right and
you can also check if you have a block
and that interface is just done through
you know what's called the block service
which is a wrapper around bit swap um so
we can have this nice interface that
feels like it's local we can also have
the same interface for just local blocks
but it you know if you ask for block
it's gonna get whether it's on your disk
or whether it's on somebody else's disk
and it makes it really cool because you
know just feel like you have everything
right there no matter what it is yeah
then another question about the API
there is bit swap I want and there's
want list why is there no one command
okay so I thought about adding a want
command and it probably probably should
just for the API to feel complete but
this swab want is just a BFS block get
or a PFS cat a given um hash it does
basically the same thing minus the
spitting the data out so I mean yeah we
probably should add a want command
that'd be pretty simple if you agree
want maybe nah well not even gonna try
the mic no you got a choice I got half
of that if you order a period I can okay
it has like having a bit swap want
command so we have unwanted to like
remove something for you want list but
having a bit slot command to just add
something to your want list without you
know trying to read it yeah cool so yeah
we can do that makes goodson any others
no David you look confused actually very
thoughtful was just thinking if i should
bring as a question if there is any
discussion or like next features but
we'd swap when it comes from well tit
for tat and like a bit swap but like
uses other bookstores to like just being
the two IPA fest like use an external
power storage somewhere and if there is
any indication right now and this is the
video that we go potty and where those
discussions so that are really enjoying
that Petra sure do we could talk about
that right now but wait so there's a few
like future things with this slop like
different categories
think about the one you mentioned is a
different like essentially transport for
um Viswa so like right now bit sloppy
uses I PFS you know to get blocks
essentially but you could also theorized
a bit swap that just used HTTP like for
every time I wanted to go fetch a block
it which is query some HTTP endpoint for
the block and if it gets that it gets it
if not while we failed um and that's
that's a pretty cool abstraction to be
able to make there's anything you want
to say about that one one
Mike yeah that's pretty good you covered
it cool alright so the next part is um
how we request things so right now we
request I want this block um in the
future we want to be able to say i want
this block and everything under it or I
want this block and you know everything
under this part of it and you know be
able to specify you know unix path like
requests for data so you know you can do
like LS or reg ex and it returns just
things match that regex um similar
concept for bits la passions but maybe a
little bit more power to it so we can
maybe specify every other or every third
in a way that will allow us to be
smarter about requesting so the problem
earlier of you know asking everybody for
the same block and getting 10 of the
same block well if we had a way to
request every other block you know that
becomes a lot easier to mitigate the
duplicate blocks you're receiving and so
that's going to be it's going to be fun
and a little tricky to write be just
because of the way I PFS itself works
not necessarily bit swap but with I PFS
it becomes tricky because um hashes are
put around academia XOR table so you
know things might not necessarily be
close so asking you know one person for
all of these hashes even though they're
not like likely to have them it's a
little weird but we're already making
assumptions that are similar to that
anyways with the you know request just
one person for all of these in the tree
so it's probably a good a good thing to
make anything narrow on yeah um I can
explain a bit about bad language so the
goal is to like construct a language
that we're loosely defining like dag
path notation and the point of it is to
allow you to express a sub selection of
a graph right so all of the references
in bits wap are so far
hashes which point to a merkel bag and
so the point is to be able to not only
express that one hash as that one node
but also sub selections of the graphs
they point to so think of it kind of
like CSS selectors or Jason path or XML
XPath I guess is a language and be able
to define queries that can express what
you want and potentially in what order
and even beyond what order you might
want to do things like say I want to
self-select this certain path and I want
you to prioritize some order like send
me like if you do if you order all of
the nodes in this graph send me every
other note or maybe like send me every
like mod five of the nodes in the graph
which allows you to express the same
selector to multiple peers and then ask
for different sub selections of the
graph which makes them send you
different types of nodes to you like
send you basically like a set of
interleaved nodes and that becomes like
a really powerful and expressive
replication model because you can
simultaneously give out these queries
with these different constraints and you
can minimize like any kind of duplicate
knows that you that you get and at the
same time avoid having to do round trips
for selecting other other other notes to
get yeah it is an example of what this
path like might look like I'm like
pulling up a slight I have a have a
second slides green here oh right could
you make thousands of slides every week
millions dude that one you gave for the
Q conf is like four hundred slides long
or something yeah what I was pretty
impressed with that yeah but that one
actually turned out pretty well I have a
lot of good stuff in that one tea
I will share my screen oh so in this one
example so this is not what the language
would look like but suppose these are
the kinds of things we would want to be
able to do right so in the first line
there's like here dollar ref would be
replaced by specific cash or something
or you might even consider having
variables / star would say like hey get
everything underneath this one hash /
star star would be kind of like in UNIX
get everything underneath it but then
you can start doing you could select
specific nodes underneath the graph even
if you don't know the hashes and in that
case on the third case where you say ref
/ parents life parent / transaction / 10
in that case the other node is meant to
send you a ref then ref current then ref
parent parent then ref parent
transaction and then the last one with
the 10 in that way you can verify every
note along the way to get the last one
and then maybe with different ways of
expressing like whether you want the
whole path or you only won the last node
in the fourth example there I have the
idea of being able to express it kind of
like a as Jeremy Oh saying a regex where
you can that one with a trunk / grow the
idea there is that you can imagine a
graph where uh files have a a format
where they have like a key called chunks
which is goes into an array where 0 is
the first element of the array and then
that goes into like another file and so
what this would do is it would say like
crawl a graph and at any time you see
crawl the graph under movie mp4 every
time you see chunks take that link every
type and then go into the first element
of that array and recurse and do that as
many times as possible and then when you
terminate when you find like the last
note attached every single child of that
node what this gives you is a way of
expressing here's a graph that
represents something
like a movie and what I want to get is
the first few chunks going through the
the left-leaning side of the graph so I
can get the the first few chunks of data
that represent the movie and immediately
start streaming those that's how you
might get like really fast streaming
over a graph but this could be any kind
of graph right like their you're no
longer tied to the layout of the graph
you can specify a query that that
optimizes this kind of behavior the last
one is where you might consider like
embedding expressions within another one
right so you could do you could select
you can first do a selection on one like
graph and pull out of value from that
graph and then use that value for
another query and so if the other node
has rough one ref to then it can resolve
this query entirely and return to you
all of the nodes that you need to verify
it for yourself and do so in one like
without having to do these these are
duties like what we're trying to avoid
here at the end of the day is these huge
gaps where like if i were to request
every single one of these nodes
iteratively i would have first had to
say hey give me a rough one once i get
rough one I figure out the hash for the
next one and say hey give me the next
one and and so on um and that turns out
to be really really slow and so if you
can express this in a way of the other
node can send me the whole thing and
that's much better the other place where
these expressions become useful is a you
can use them as conditions in in
programs or you can start embedding
these selectors all over the place and
use them to represent pieces of graphs
that might need to mutate or then I
might need to be sent or included in a
bundle right so you can imagine saying
hey I want to cash a sub selection of
the graph because I'm gonna go offline
and want to cache like some selection of
a graph for like offline reading or
whatever and you can select what that
that selection looks like with a
notation like this cool so anyway no not
clear yet what the actual language will
look like but I said the sort of things
that were
that we want out of it yeah I really
like um so like just looking at this
listening to you talk about it makes me
think that we can generalize it this
just not be like just for bit swap we
can make this just be the I PFS path
format itself and you know take the path
package that we have and put all of this
logic there so that way we have just one
really cool way of defining queries over
to rekal bags which is really what we're
doing here yep so this could go with the
with the IPL d spec it could be like a
companion spec to it that would be
pretty cool um also you were talking
about like index selection I think um
it'd be really cool we probably we can
we can avoid like index selection pretty
much completely when we move to forcing
named links and then like all of our
files all the chunks are just numbers so
that way you can actually the name of
the link is literally just the block
index and that way yeah we don't have to
worry about any special logic for
selecting an index and then we just need
to figure out the you know meta escape
characters do you reject file thanks yep
that would be that's gonna be cool I'm
excited yep that'll be very very
interesting um cool other do we want to
talk more about this one or do we want
to other features um trying to think
what are the features I was going to
talk about I'm pretty excited about like
hooks for other strategies and like
being able to express agents that
download other things and this is many
things like I think Jeremy you might
want to talk about like different kind
of bots that you might write one of the
things that I find interesting about
this is being able to hook into
different kinds of exchanges where like
today like tit for tat and those kinds
of the exchanges are like one to one
where you try and keep like an equal
ratio of profitable data exchanging you
could see this becoming a symmetric
we're like you start taking into account
the value of the data itself and say
actually like this data is not that
useful or valuable so I'm going to
discount it for some like and we're x
some constant that I assigned to like
the value of this of this data and you
can negotiate that before you start the
exchanges and then the extension to that
is saying like I have cryptocurrency to
it and say allow nodes that speak a
common currency format to be able to
negotiate and move around data based on
on pricing so you could turn around
entirely how CD ends are done today by
hooking up protocols like these because
you can create other kinds of behaviors
like collect on delivery through
cryptocurrency and if you make it
agnostic to the kind of cryptocurrency
and create a protocol that allows any to
our class notes to negotiate the
protocol and say hey like do you use
Bitcoin or do you use the theory amor do
you use like some other set of protocols
then delete like let's use that exactly
so that's going to be pretty powerful
for a lot of new new ways of moving
around data and counting the web yeah so
it's it's really interesting that you
bring up um the value of data so like
you know the value of a block if a block
soluble it you know makes sense that
everybody's going to try and have it but
as soon as everybody halves it it's no
longer valuable because the cost to get
it is trivial and so you know
determining the cost of a given or the
value of a given block is really really
interesting it's like the inverse of the
number of people who have it and also
the time between creation and you know
retrieval that's going to be some really
fun code to write yep and there's also
things like you know how quickly you can
send it to me are like bandwidth taking
into account right so I might be willing
to count give you a higher share of
credits I guess if you can get the
content to me faster than everybody else
so that's where we can unlock a whole
bunch of research that has been dormant
in this area for a long time so after
the turn came out tons of papers came
out trying to analyze different kinds of
market-based data sharing systems
any proposed cryptocurrencies or other
kinds of credit accounting and so on and
some were like actually took it into
trying to create like free markets of
about like creating valuations around
data based on like how available it is
how many people want it and like demands
and so on and this sort of thing if you
create like one protocol that you can
hook into you can have all these other
things hook into it then becomes really
easy to play around with a kind of stuff
because when those papers came out they
didn't really move the needle very much
because BitTorrent was very closed
though it was an open source protocol it
was very close and lock down ecosystem
where it was actually free difficult to
change how the protocol check moved data
around you basically had to be one of
the leaders of like you you had had have
a very successful torrent client that
everybody uses use or a large percentage
of the users use to be able to introduce
a new protocol into the ecosystem
because otherwise nobody will be using
your your one random extension that like
nobody implements so that will be
interesting and like being able to
express some of these behaviors as
scripts and be able to audit and sign
these scripts so then have them be able
to run on some subset of nodes that want
to do this where you might say hey like
I might be willing to engage in a in a
protocol as long as it's signed by a
certain set of people and like you may
not even have to have the code before
hand you can then get the code and then
engage in that in that strategy yeah
that's really the the idea of like live
updating code you know as long as it's
you know it's okay if this person sends
me code I'm gonna run it and then being
able to you know do a couple different
things like recover from failures they
ship you code that doesn't work for you
being able to not break and just reverts
the old stuff I reminds me of some paper
i was reading about ibm's i think it was
ibm's mainframe stuff their compilers
will put a bunch of extra space in your
binaries and the reason for this is if
you update a function in your code
you can live patch that function into
the running binary and that extra space
is used to put perform those hooks and
so there's like locks around the code
and extra things that it checks and has
surprisingly perform it and like really
cool if you could have one application
that runs for years and it's updated
every week and you know uptime gun yeah
yeah if you want to look at that look at
laying DM which does that on a vm level
you can so holding systems can be
patched live because the way it was
designed as downtime wasn't allowed
because otherwise nobody would have a
telephone I was Kanaan cool it's so good
it's pretty amazing if you just inject
your code and just all right let's
upgrade yep and you can just do like
upgrades yeah that'll be actually I'm a
little disappointed with like operating
systems of today because it may they
mostly dis encourage people from having
lots of different processes to do small
things because one thing one I have
talked about is like doing core I PFS
functionality in separate binaries and
just like using inter-process
communication to do that which would
allow you to drop one of those binaries
and start running the new one without
the whole system going down at all but
if those types of things are like still
a little expensive and not as performant
as something we would want just bait
just because of the way like you know OS
process models work and memory
management and you know shared memory
ugly um but yeah things like that or
really neat and I think it'd be like
this is completely off topic for bit
slop you know but uh this is like
something I think would be really cool
if we could figure out for a ZFS is just
yeah you just run the daemon and leave
it running for the rest of your life
it's cool you know never worry about
actually you know restarting it
but probably depends on how you can put
up in which language the theme is
implemented that or you have to do a
bunch of things probably on top of it
yeah exactly you cool though um there
was one other thing on top of a bit swap
is um so once you get to the point where
you know it's generalized requests and
sending mechanism you can start
scripting and you can start making a is
that just sit on the network and do data
trading they can listen in for what's
you know in high demand and then get
that themselves and we host it and then
you get it becomes this place where you
can start writing box just to try and
maximize their you know value to the
network and I think when we get to that
point it's going to be really fun
because I've seen other bak communities
before you know like um program or fight
type things where you like script a
robot and a fight in some virtual arena
things like that that are actually
beneficial to everybody if we can get
you know some sort of competition or
challenges set up to build a better bit
swap AI I think it'd be really cool
things happening you know um how do you
see the the interaction do you imagine
like a scripting language specifically
for this or API hoax or yeah I'm
especially when you want to ship that
like around it kind of two has to be
predefined how this will look so there's
a couple ways you can do it like
obviously you can just make it easy for
them to modify the source code build you
can also like ship some scripting
language that go will execute you know
Damon will execute Lou is really good
for this um as is I think JavaScript
with like there's certain JavaScript
engines that run and go which would be
pretty cool and JavaScript's also more
known than Lua unfortunately but yeah so
I think embedding a scripting language
would be really cool
although it should be a separate build
but that's another topic but I'd be
really cool to do that all this process
could be in a separate special binary
that I have support for this kind of
stuff or even just like an extension
that you can turn on yeah and like to
own the scripting engines like I think
you know JavaScript lua like web
assemblies will be interesting there's a
lot of a I work on Lueth so many games
use lua to right there AI BOTS so let's
exact there's probably yeah really a ton
of like different libraries there
that'll be useful yeah that'd be cool so
and anybody else has anything now's the
time because I'm out of this swap things
to talk about and David I just need to
say I think like if we have other topics
like you can have their familiar more of
these sessions I think I mean I did it a
good size right now I thought that
people can i watch it I think we can I
out for hours we know ourselves yeah we
good it's probably would be good to like
limit these two like 30 minutes or so
yeah very efficient and but yeah I think
that this really good and like we can
definitely do for like all the other
parts of like a events and also like
after posting this 12 yr c we can see
other people i interested in being the
ones i dreaming questions like specific
questions about that specific one hour
difference so that we after the
presentation of that component you get
like a very like what's the main points
of the community when they're trying to
understand part I like it we're just
just a sector let's do Germany you do a
sign of think i can stop the broadcast
and i can talk a little bit about how we
could yeah before last sign of i had one
working and that's what which I guess
it's it's a just like improving perf
think like one of the things that will
help I PFS / / a lot will be getting the
dike pattern half note
that we explained before in and a few
other like improvements to the top so
that's worth noting for people out there
that more work on this web stuff will
will be really useful to make I because
much faster and optimized part of I PFS
yes and it has a lot of room to grow and
get better and a particular like one of
the pretty interesting branches and
forth is building simulators for
understanding how this hope is doing
things and how well it's working and
yeah modeling the behavior there so both
Karthik and I on have been looking into
that to some degree and that'll be
probably like energy that would be an
interesting chat to have on its own just
like simulating and modeling that
network yep that'd be really cool since
oh yeah since we are doing like yeah
breaking goal we could appear in two
weeks on repo we could do the same thing
for beats lab and I like you can open
this thread organization repo well this
was definitely gonna be broken into its
own repo yeah so I us listener we get
that like what people can come and it's
like focus on getting the I really good
or or like the simulation tools or the
consumerization tools and yeah why it's
open ye I can once I know like a lot of
these discussions yeah I passing notes
let's try I know and even if it's just
like creating the repo we do know if we
don't more mythical you right now just
like opening the issues with the
pointers to all the other discussions
and saying what what we want to do and
I'll go wow you're here if it bigger if
I just ripped it out in that forum but
yeah anyway Jeremy you've signed off so
yeah that was a talking about bit swap
and making some coffee so thanks for
joining and see you next week thank you